oh hello
this afternoon we're going to have a go
at making a beautiful pie
and mine is an Australia came home
amazes and it's called a grasshopper pot
and it's beautiful so we're going to go
it makes it let's get started we need to
use our kitchen with us and it's a
really a simple pie and happens to be
Nigella Lawson recipe so in goes there's
two packets of Oreo biscuits into our
kitchen whist and with that we put 100
grams of dark chocolate so I'm really
enjoying my son
he came all the way from Australia
especially to be with it and along with
that we're going to add some butter now
when we first made it we found that the
butter was firm and so we've nice better
stock and it should mix in better right
okay better go
look at that so beautiful dark chocolate
take this out and we've got to use my
meaning so we can get every last bit of
this lovely chocolate biscuit into our
Mia so it's a very simple pie and
there's not a lot of cooking the next
step has the cooking and she didn't even
note the batter we found when Austin
made it the first time that it crumbled
a little bit too much we'll go back to
how you normally do a pie addition melt
the butter right and it's they're quite
amazing that this just goes into the
fridge and it'll sit high right now
we're going to do the filling and it's
it really is a really interesting
filling it uses marshmallows and we are
using the white ones so you can eat the
pink ones or cook them on a bonfire at
your convenience share it with a friend
so the beginning has milk 125 grams milk
and my husband bought me these beautiful
Sarah garden cups and plates and I've
got a lovely wee jug out of it as well
in goes our milk and I've cut a few of
these marshmallows that are just the
normal ones you can buy but we just cut
them in half so I've done I think I've
done most of them so when they got 150
grams of those now marshmallows are an
interesting thing to be using very
unusual to be using that in a sense are
also making it very easy because we've
got the gelatine in them and so let's
pop them onto the stove to cook the
marshmallows it's rather interesting how
they melt
I've just heard them on a quite low
temperature and here we are this has
probably been going for probably about
two minutes and look at that all right
this is melted beautifully we have a
most beautiful white or cream
so we'll just pull this now into this
bottle this lovely cream filling then
this is actually based on an American
cocktail and that's what the weather
named grasshoppers come from and it has
two ingredients in this cocktail
it's called once called creme de cacao
and that's a chocolate the cube and it's
actually clear you can buy the brown one
but and you wouldn't want that in the
pie because it just wouldn't do dia
would it and the next one is the creme
de menthe we're making milkshakes and
this was off the top and had the right
amount at the top and it happens to be
two shots which is 60 mils worth so
we'll add this one the creme de cacao
and now same again the 60 mils of the
creme de menthe it's beautiful right
we'll just leave that one now to cool
just a little right now the next part of
the the recipe is to add whipped cream
to the beautiful green marshmallow
filling so that's that we're going to do
it the easy way now there's 375 mils of
cream that we are going to whip out
we're going to whip it to the easy way
this time
I have to be careful with my dreams it
certainly does wrong way over beat and
we're going to be putting that into this
lovely green marshmallow mixture just
stamp all that in and really we are at
the end just get the pie up from the
feet which has its it very very nicely
already and all we have to do is put the
floaty green mixture to go in into the
pipe look at that for a beautiful color
contrast the beautiful brown lovely
chocolate brown to the pretty spearmint
filling inside put it in its place give
it a little home so we're going to use
the chocolate we've got a bit more of a
dark chocolate and I'm just going to
grate that on the top and really it's
ready to go we just pop it back in the
fridge and let it to sit we personally
like the smaller piece of the pie and
whipped cream so there we are our
grasshopper pie yeah